---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Feeding the Addiction
author: Derek
author_login: admin
author_email: drgath@gmail.com
author_url: http://derek.io
wordpress_id: 68
wordpress_url: http://blog.derekville.net/?p=68
date: 2006-08-19 10:53:43.000000000 -07:00
categories: []
tags: []
comments: []
---
Feeding the Addiction

How much money can one give to Ticketmaster in a year?  That's what I'm apparently trying to test out.  I don't know why I've been going to so many concerts this year.  It might be because over the last 18 months since I discovered 'all-you-can-eat' music subscription services (first Napster, now Yahoo), I've been listening to an insane amout of music.  It might be that there are good bands rising up, and some of my all-time favs deciding to tour this year.  It might be that for once in my life I'm not a starving college student and can actually afford concerts (can't believe I missed Nine Inch Nails and Perfect Circle in college cause I couldn't afford it).  It's probably a mixture of a lot of things, and damn it's been fun so far, and I still have another few months of it left.

The lineup

- 2/20 - Nine Inch Nails

- 3/3 - Flogging Molly

- 3/10 - Dropkick Murpheys

- 5/10 - Depeche Mode

- 7/8 - She Wants Revenge

- 7/29 - Buzz Beach Ball
Highlights were 311, 30 Seconds to Mars, Rock Kills Kid, and Pepper.  The former you've probably heard of, the latter, maybe not.  Rock Kills Kid is a great LA band straight outta the 80s revival going on right now.  And if you like Sublime, check out Pepper, it's almost scary how much the singer sounds like Bradley Nowell.  Sublime 2.0, and I love it.

- 8/05 - Reel Big Fish / MXPX
Two of my favorite bands of the 90s, and it was a great reminder that they still are.

- 9/11 - Rock Kills Kid

- 9/15 - Tool
It'll probably be my 7th or 8th time seeing tool, but it never gets old.  I still have a pair of GA/floor tickets that will probably end up on EBay if nobody wants them.  Let me know if you are interesed.

- 9/28 - Gym Class Heroes
A great opportunity to seen an underground band on the brink of busting into the mainstream.  I'm not too into hip-hop, but when it has the live, non-overly produced sound with elements of rock, I can really get into it.  These guys are gonna be big.

- 10/14 - Less than Jake
Like Reel Big Fish, this band seems to come through every year, and their shows are a blast.

- 11/11 - Rise Against
I've missed this band the last few times they've been through KC, but I am really impressed with their latest album, so gonna have to check this one out.

- 11/18 - Alice in Chains
As one of my all time favorite bands, I am so pumped to see them live, even without Layne Stanley.
