---
layout: post
status: publish
published: true
title: Recap of last few months
author: Derek
author_login: admin
author_email: drgath@gmail.com
author_url: http://derek.io
wordpress_id: 65
wordpress_url: http://blog.derekville.net/?p=65
date: 2006-06-21 22:58:33.000000000 -07:00
categories: []
tags: []
comments: []
---
Well, it’s been a few months since my last post, but that’s for a good reason.  Let’s take a look back at the last few months for me…

<strong>April</strong>
- Enter 96.5 The Buzz’s 2nd Chance Prom Prom King contest
- Go to Vegas for a bachelor Party
- Return from Vegas, win prom king, and have an awesome time at prom

<strong>May</strong>
- Spend a week in Cancun
- See Depeche Mode, one of my favorite bands ever
- Spend 10 days in Europe (Barcelona, Paris, & London)

<strong>June</strong>
- Finally return to work, only to be recruited by an advertising agency a few blocks away from where I live (Downtown Kansas City) and am offered a great opportunity that I’d be crazy to pass on.  I took the job.

<em><strong>Coming up</strong></em>

<strong>June</strong>
- Float trip with a bunch of friends this coming weekend

<strong>July</strong>
- Start my new job
- Go to one of my old roommates weddings in Omaha

<strong>August - October</strong>
- Come up with something creative to do

<strong>November</strong>
- Go see the Jayhawks play likely #1 Florida in Vegas

<strong>December</strong>
- Birthday & Christmas

Soooo..... I haven't really been bored enough to write about anything lately as the last few months have probably been the craziest, most exciting months of my life.  A lot of times people say you come back from vacations re-energized and motivated.  No, really, I started the month of May pretty motivated with work, and at the end of the month, had nothing left.  Now all I want to do is travel, hah.  I was really getting used to the whole work 10 days a month & travel to other countries the rest of the time thing.  Oh well.

But here is the point of this post... The one thing I have learned from the last few months is that while you need luck for things to go your way sometimes, luck isn't completely out of your control.  If you continually put yourself in new situations, try new things, and make good decisions about the things you can control, the things out of your control will start to fall your way.

There has been one specific quote that has really stayed with me through this process... "Consistency is the last refuge of the unimaginative" - Oscar Wilde

Nothing could be more true, so go experience something new.
